fix: seller 0 is not always the seller default (#43)
vtex-apps/product-quantity: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Fixed

> - Seller default instead of seller 0 in `BaseProductQuantity.tsx` and typing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Now considers default seller instead of first seller in `BaseProductQuantity`
```
